Imagine a diet plan that lets you eat at Burger King, McDonald’s, Dunkin’ Donuts and Olive Garden—and still strip away 10, 20, even 30 pounds or more! A diet plan that lets you order takeout pizza, whip up a box of macaroni & cheese, even reach into the freezer section for ice cream—and never worry about gaining weight or going hungry! A diet plan that lets you enjoy your most indulgent comfort foods whenever you want—and actually teaches you how to eat them more often! The Eat This, Not That! No-Diet Diet is the easiest, most revolutionary weight-loss plan ever created.
 Whether you’re in the drive-through, the family restaurant, the supermarket aisle or your own kitchen, you make dozens of decisions every day that affect your weight and your health. Now, those decisions are made easier than ever! Authors David Zinczenko and Matt Goulding have built on the success of their wildly popular Eat This, Not That! series of food-swap guides and created a complete morning-to-night, 365-day eating plan that will have you enjoying all your favorite foods—and shedding pounds like you’ve never imagined! No matter where you are or what you crave, you’ll be stunned to discover how easy losing weight can be!
Dana Bickelman of Walpham, MA lost 70 pounds in one year, while still enjoying her favorite 
restaurants—Dunkin’ Donuts and Olive Garden. “Boys want to say hi to me now, and that’s awesome,” she exclaims. “I’ve never had this kind of attention before, and it’s wonderful.”
 Michael Colombo of Staten Island, NY lost 91 pounds in less than 9 months, while eating his favorite McDonald’s sandwiches—and skipping products labeled as “health food”!  “It’s a lot easier than [I] thought,” he says. “My confidence has skyrocketed.”
 Erika Bowen of Minneapolis, MN dropped 84 pounds in 17 months, just by shopping smarter in the supermarket. “There was a time when I refused to wear tank tops,” she says. “But now I’m very comfortable in my own skin, and I’m wearing things I’d never have worn before.”